# Python_Challenge

The first part of the assignment was taking a large set of financial data including the month it was gathered and what the profits or losses looked like. I started by setting my variables and allowing the script to access the data. I had to deviate from what was originally written for us in in favor of "r"C:\Users\..." absolute path because that's what I could get to work for me. Once the variables were set and files properly read, I allowed the script to skip the header row and made a for look that tracked the changes in totals for months and profit and tracked the changes, the average changes, and which months came out on top and on bottom. Lastly was making sure the calues were correct and printing into the created .txt file as a complete analysis. 

The next part of the assignment was a vote tally to determine who won an election. Similarly, I made sure my files were being accessed and read correctly. I defined the variables and dictionaries to keep track of the names of candidates and their vote counts. Also set variables for the winning candidate, count, and percentage. Once variables and paths were correctly set, I started a for loop that added a conditional to add names of candidates as they appeared and apply votes towards them. Lastly was applying the same strategy to calculate the percentages of votes and declare a winner by printing the results on my .txt analysis file. 

This work was created by myself with the guidance and debugging of Xpert AI Assistant and ChatGPT